Some small toast readme improvements (#22716)
arangodb/arangodb: tests/toast/README.md

(single-server and cluster), runs tests against them, collects diagnostics (crash
logs, sanitizer errors, core dumps), and produces CI-friendly reports (JSON, JUnit XML).

## Installation

> - Install elixir, at least version 1.19.

Reviewer: One also needs to install Erlang - at least version 27.
I would recommend to use a version manager like [asdf](https://asdf-vm.com/) or [mise](https://mise.en.dev/) which let's you pick a specific version (and actually manage multiple concurrently installed versions) so you do not depend on the versions available in your OS distribution's package management.

> - Install the package manager with `mix local.hex`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Install hex (package manager) and rebar (Erlang build system) with `mix local.hex` and `mix local.rebar`
```

`ToastTest.Interactive` lets you run individual test modules against a
manually-started deployment, useful for debugging.

> Start an interactive interactive session with `TOAST_BUILD_DIR=path/to/build-dir iex -S mix`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Start an interactive interactive session with `TOAST_BUILD_DIR=path/to/build-dir iex -S mix`.
Alternatively one can use a [Local Config File](#local-config-file) with a predefined build directory to avoid having to set the environment variable.
```
